# June 22nd, 2015

**Attendees:** @tkellen, @dgeb, @ethanresnick

**Discussion:** http://discuss.jsonapi.org/t/json-api-weekly-meeting-june-22nd-2015/23

## Agenda

### Determine how we want to share weekly meeting notes on jsonapi.org.
  * Posted in a thread on discuss.jsonapi.org
  * Meeting notes should be posted via the twitter account (need access to that)

### Determine how we announce discuss.jsonapi.org
  * Do a PR for a CONTRIBUTING.md file, that contains details about what communication channels should be used.
  * Remove Google Group link too in PR --- ping steve first to see what the history is there
  * Add to About page under channels

### Determine how we want to handle support requests
  * Initially answer in github issues, but redirect to discuss.jsonapi.org when possible.

### Determine critical features for 1.1.
  * Embedding / creating multiple related resources in a single request
    * Create an issue that outlines every use-case we are trying to support (with a range of desirability for the feature to be supported)
    * Close all other issues related to this with a reference to the aforementioned issue.
  * Extension support

### Determine critical features for 1.2
  * Extension registry (for promotion/extension discovery)
  * More robust hypermedia support

### Determine which meetings will be open to the public.
  * The last Friday of each month--August 28th will be the first.

### Determine what release schedule we want to use (and consequently, a release date for 1.1)
  * We will maintain a beta branch and push all accepted changes at the end of each quarter.
  * 1.1 release day is September 30th

### Review normative statement template system.
  * Ethan suggests using html to mark up the format.md file so we can extract the normative statements, this would eliminate contributors having to edit the normative statements file. Tyler will attempt this.
